docs(api): add `useRequestHeaders` composable example (#8833)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/3.api/1.composables/use-request-headers.md

::alert{icon=👉}
In the browser, `useRequestHeaders` will return an empty object.
::

## Example

> We can use `useRequestHeaders` to access and proxy browser's `authorization` header to the server-side and also make sure that there are no unintended side effects during SSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use `useRequestHeaders` to access and proxy the initial request's `authorization` header to any future internal requests during SSR.
```

> The example below adds an `authorization` request headers to an isomorphic `$fetch` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below adds the `authorization` request header to an isomorphic `$fetch` call.
```

```vue [pages/some-page.vue]
<script setup>
const { data } = await useFetch('/api/confidential', {
  headers: useRequestHeaders(['authorization'])
})
</script>
```

::alert{icon=👉}

> [Another example](/getting-started/data-fetching#example-pass-client-headers-to-the-api) shows how we can pass `cookie` from the client headers to the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Another example](/getting-started/data-fetching#example-pass-client-headers-to-the-api) shows how we can pass cookies from the initial request to another API route.
```
